1. Hours to complete the project:~ 15-20			

2. Short description of how you approached each problem, issues you 
   encountered, and how you resolved those issues.

   Problem 1 (Ring Buffer):~ 

At firts it was a little hard to understand what the problem was asking for.But 
after thorough reading, the concept started being a little clear to me. We had
to model a ring buffer. A ring buffer contains a list of 4 elements, the buffer
which is a list, size of type int, and two pointers type int.It was very tricky
to understand the concept of cyclic wrap-around after that. Once understanding
that it could be achieved by modding, the concept became clearer. This was a
very good problem for understanding the use of mod and how we can be efficient
by using pointers rather than looping through the list.It took a lot of 
thinking and lot of reading to understand how index first stores the index of 
the least recently inserted item, and an index last that stores the index one 
beyond the most recently inserted item. Other than that we just had to write 
the functions that will be used by client program.


   Problem 2 (Guitar String):~ 

In problem 2, we had to create a module that models the vibration of a guitar
string. We had to write 5 functions, using the functions created in the earlier
problem. Once I went through the breif reading, I started coding with the 
instructions provided in the program. The only time I got an issue was when I 
was writing the tic() function. I though we had to put tic function in a loop,
so it would do the Karplus-Strong Algorithm.But things started getting clear,
after I started thinking about it more and reading more. This was not that bad
as we were only suppose to write five functions.



   Problem 3 (Interactive Guitar Player):~ 

The third problem was more complicated to understand than problem 1 or 2. I 
first approached the problem by drawing the guitar keys. Then I went through
the entire code to figure what is going on where in the program. It was very
hard first to understand the concept of superpostion but I got a hang of it and
after quite thinking, I got the hints of what to do. Rather than superposing 37
notes we had to superpose only 5.  

3. Did you receive any help from classmates, past CS110 students, TAs, or 
   anyone else? Please list their names:~ 
As always and the best SI leader Michiele Ocbagabir.

4. Other comments:~ 

Great project to solve. It was very pleasant to hear the music after all that 
hard work.
